## 依赖

企业级应用中，通常都需要对象之间相互关联。

### 依赖注入

#### 基于构造方法的依赖注入

#### 基于setter方法的依赖注入

通常通过构造方法注入强制依赖关系，setter方法注入可选依赖关系。

The Spring team generally advocates constructor injection as it enables one to implement application components as immutable objects and to ensure that required dependencies are not null. Furthermore constructor-injected components are always returned to client (calling) code in a fully initialized state. As a side note, a large number of constructor arguments is a bad code smell, implying that the class likely has too many responsibilities and should be refactored to better address proper separation of concerns.

Setter injection should primarily only be used for optional dependencies that can be assigned reasonable default values within the class. Otherwise, not-null checks must be performed everywhere the code uses the dependency. One benefit of setter injection is that setter methods make objects of that class amenable to reconfiguration or re-injection later. Management through JMX MBeans is therefore a compelling use case for setter injection.

#### 依赖解析过程

The ApplicationContext is created and initialized with configuration metadata that describes all the beans. Configuration metadata can be specified via XML, Java code, or annotations.

For each bean, its dependencies are expressed in the form of properties, constructor arguments, or arguments to the static-factory method if you are using that instead of a normal constructor. These dependencies are provided to the bean, when the bean is actually created.

Each property or constructor argument is an actual definition of the value to set, or a reference to another bean in the container.

Each property or constructor argument which is a value is converted from its specified format to the actual type of that property or constructor argument. By default Spring can convert a value supplied in string format to all built-in types, such as int, long, String, boolean, etc.

### 依赖关系与配置

#### 基本类型

#### idref元素

	<bean id="theTargetBean" class="..."/>

	<bean id="theClientBean" class="...">
	    <property name="targetName">
	        <idref bean="theTargetBean"/>
	    </property>
	</bean>

等价于

	<bean id="theTargetBean" class="..." />

	<bean id="client" class="...">
	    <property name="targetName" value="theTargetBean"/>
	</bean>